Made by Friend_VW_Bug!
Made by Parking__Meter!
I rember
I forgor
When the pizza's sus
MEEP!!!
Shaquile Oatmeal
OATMEAL JUMPSCARE!
Not to get political, but what is cheese?
Me when the when the execute gradle task
WHEN HE WHEN HE AT THE
WHEN HE
WHEN HE AT THE
Mom can you make me toast I'm too busy 'cuz gamer moment
My brain is just so full of brain today - I just can't english
H
When the J!
That's a nice arguement - But why don't you back it up with a source!
My source is that I made it the f*** up!
buh roc josin
if you see this. you see this
In the X-Files, you can see the FBI agents breathe, this is a subtle reference to the fact humans breathe.
In the X-Files, you can see the FBI agents breathe, this is a subtle reference to the fact MOST humans breathe.
Stop it, Get some help
elMo
print('I am a lunatic']
SyntaxError: closing parenthesis ']' does not match opening parenthesis '('
blue
HON HON
oui oui un baguette
16-bit font
Michael Jackson (He/He)
another beautiful day without using sin tan and cos
cheemsburbur
eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Dodge Caliber!
Somebody once told me the world was gonna roll me!
Backhoe!
Good Moaning!
The odds of you seeing this are actually not that low!
do. not. hit. the. power. button. on. the. bus.
Walking is more supportive than these seats.
Time for the standard icebreaker, what are your thoughts on orbital mechanics?
Doug's the type of guy to sit in the back of a Maybach and tell you to check out Cars & Bids!
*proceeds to read entire dictionary*
does anyone read these?
TENNIS BALL THROW IT AGAINST THE WALL
B I G   C H U N G U S
%appdata%
help i need a life
Stable? That's for horses.
I want to ride my bicycle
20-8-5 15-4-4-19 15-6 25-15-21 6-9-7-21-18-9-14-7 20-8-9-19 15-21-20 1-18-5 12-15-23 9-6 14-15-20 26-5-18-15
Vigenère "jsg'fr heehvyk kchc xuar." with LEMON!
Sometimes the curtains are just blue.
!sdrawkcab epyt nac I !mom ,kooL
And then, this was this good-for-nothin' on a bus!
The odds of getting no splash are 3 in 69, looks like they didn't win.

If you jot down enough splash texts you'll figure out the narrative
Or you could read the file.

Closed Captions (CC) are not available.
Why!

are you reading the splashes.txt file???
I TOLD YOU NOT TO
ENOUGH!!!
go to your room